Move APIs for service pages (#3512)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/appendix/apis/services/base-rc.md

---
title: "Base Remote Control service API"
linkTitle: "Base Remote Control"
weight: 70
type: "docs"
tags: ["base", "services", "rover", "input controller", "remote control"]

> description: "The Base Remote Control service API allows you to get a list of inputs from the controller that are being monitored for that control mode."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Give commands to get a list of inputs from the controller that are being monitored for that control mode."
```

icon: true
images: ["/services/icons/slam.svg"]
---

> The Base Remote Control service API allows you to get a list of inputs from the controller that are being monitored for that control mode.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The base remote control service API allows you to get a list of inputs from the controller that are being monitored for that control mode.
```
if rule is not to capitalize should we not capitalize here?
